### Use a Secret
When you do not roll as well as you would like and you use a secret to gain the edge, ask the Magistrate what will happen if you reveal it. (The Magistrate may choose from the list in **Reveal A Secret** or one of the Strong Responses in the move.) Say what sacrifice you're willing to make to keep it. Then, pick up one of the dice you rolled, add another die and re-roll. If the new die is highest, make your sacrifice. Otherwise, the secret is revealed. Use the two highest values for your move.

> #### Example of "Use a Secret"
> Miabella is negotiating with the pirate Donatella for the secret location of the treasure under the city. Miabella offers to split the treasure with Donatella in exchange for the location. Miabella (Influence 0) rolls a 2 and a 4. Miabella knows the pirate Donatella has a secret love. The player says she might use this secret to suggest Donatella's love would appreciate the influx of cash. The Magistrate says that Miabella senses that revealing she knows Donatella's love will cause the pirate to attack. The player says that in lieu of revealing the secret, Miabella will give up any treasure she finds in the expedition. 
> 
> The player re-rolls the die showing 2 to get a 3 and rolls a new die, which shows a 5. The secret remains safe. Miabella uses 9 (4 from previous roll + 5 from new roll) for the Negotiate move and must sacrifice any treasure recovered on the expedition. Given the 7-9 result, Donatella would also select one of the Strong Responses for Negotiate. 
> 
> If the player had rolled a 5 with the first die and a 2 with the new die, Miabella would have a 9 for the Negotiate move, but will have revealed the secret. Donatella would attack. One way to resolve this is that Donatella uses violence to reinforce her power over Miabella, and reveals the location expecting Miabella to bring all the treasure to her.